Project Technical Discovery/Statement of Work 
Date Submitted 10/17/22 
Project Name Casino Bot BlackJack
Prepared by Zyorhist

1. Description and Scope 
	1.1 Summary of Work Requested and Benefits 
		This task would be to create a game of blackjack that players can participate in.  There would need to be any number of tables (to infinite) 
		and each table sits up to 5 players.  Each table will start with 10 decks of cards and pull from the decks for dealing cards to players at 
		the table.  The deck is updated when dealing and when it reaches 100 cards the deck will reset to 5 new decks.  Players play against the 
		dealer and each table plays all players at that table at one time.  IE players 1-5 play against the dealer at in unison for that deal.  
		Tables do not need ot be in sync with one another.  Players will need to be limited on how long they are allowed to pay the ante before they 
		are removed from the table.  Each table will start the next deal after X time from the end of the last deal.  If no players are present for 
		the deal, the table is removed from the active tables. Winnings are distributed to the user's wallet.
	1.2 Priority 
		Medium 
2. Major Deliverables/Key Events Anticipated 
	Milestone/Event														Time (Labor estimate) 
		Deck Handling													10
			Create a card deck containing the contents of 10 standard decks
			On deal the deck updates and removes the dealt card
			When the deck gets below 100 cards it resets
		Dealer Handling 												20
			The dealer must always take a new card if their current score is under 17
			The dealer must not take a card if their current score is over 16
			The dealer loses if their score goes over 21
		Player Handling 												40
			The player will be given the option to 'hit' or 'stand'
				if the player hits they get another card
				if their score goes over 21 they lose
				if they stand their turn ends
			The player is given the option of splitting if their current had is doubles
				if they split they must pay the ante again or they cannot split
		Win handling													30
			If the dealer gets 21 on their first two cards the dealer always wins
			If the dealer has a higher score than the player the dealer wins
			If the player gets 21 on their first two cards the player then wins
			If the dealer busts the player wins
		Turn Handling													20
			The players will take turns first starting with the player in seat 1
			The dealer will take their turn last
		Payout Handling													5
			The players are paid out using the userinformation service
3. Resource Requirements 
	3.1 Detailed Plan for Resource Assignments 
	3.2 Other Resources (Hardware, Software, Money, etc.) 
	3.3 Expected commitments from other departments or people. 
4. Risks and Concerns 
	If implimented improperly the user win improperly
	If implimented improperly the computer win improperly
	If implimented improperly the users may not get turns
	If implimented improperly the computer may not get cards dealt
5. Project Completion Criteria 
	The project is complete when the game of blackjack can follow the basic rules of the game and players can pay the ante
	and get win payouts.  
	Testing must be implemented and completed
6. Outstanding Issues 
	Currently there is no game system for the players to play so they are unable to participate in the game
7. Definitions
	Hit - The player wishes to be dealt another card
	Stand - the player wishes to remain with the cards they have
	Bust - The player/dealer loses the game
8. Dependencies
	No tasks depend on this taks
	This task depends on the user currency update task
