Project Technical Discovery/Statement of Work 
Date Submitted 9/28/22 
Project Name Casino Bot Slots Machine 
Prepared by Zyorhist

1. Description and Scope 
	1.1 Summary of Work Requested and Benefits 
		The goal of the slots machine is to create a slot machine functionality that allows players to gamble against the randomness of slot wheels.  
		The slot wheels shouldbe preset in what order the icons are in, they should randomly select a center spot for where the wheel lands then 
		calculate winnings based on whether they paid to play on that line.  The slots winnings are part of a pool of money that is based on how many 
		plays have been played.  It should increase at each play and should reset to a base value when someone wins the jackpot.  It also updates for winnings, 
		never dropping below a certain value.
	1.2 Priority 
		Medium 
2. Major Deliverables/Key Events Anticipated 
	Milestone/Event														Time (Labor estimate) 
		Slot Roller
			Create a specific order for icons on each wheel
			Select a specific spot on each wheel for what the center landing spot is
			Calculate whether player wins on a line based on where the wheels land and whether the player played those lines
		Slots winning pool
			Winning pool update
				When players pay in to play the pool updates
				When there are winnings the pool updates 
				Winning pool reset when jackpot is hit
3. Resource Requirements 
	3.1 Detailed Plan for Resource Assignments 
	3.2 Other Resources (Hardware, Software, Money, etc.) 
	3.3 Expected commitments from other departments or people. 
4. Risks and Concerns 
	If implimented improperly the user can have improper amounts of currency paid or incorrect amount of currency won
	If implimented improperly the machine winning value may not reset 
	If implimented improperly the winning value may not increment for the user's pay in
	if implemented improperly the wheels can calculate payout in the wrong directions (ie vertical calculation of the wheel vs horizontal calculation of the
		wheel)
	If wheels are updated at a later time, the system needs to be able to have minimal changes to allow for the proper calculation of winnings and proper
		rolling to make sure that all slots are accounted for
5. Project Completion Criteria 
6. Outstanding Issues 
7. Definitions
	Wheel - A slider for the slots machine
	Slot - the spot on the wheel that displays a image or number for determining wins
	Wallet - the user's current amount of currency
	Line - what slots are used to calculate winnings (eg line 1 is center line, line 2 is top line, line 3 is bottom line, etc)
8. Dependencies
	No tasks depend on this taks
	This task depends on the user currency update task
