Project Technical Discovery/Statement of Work 
Date Submitted 10/17/22 
Project Name Casino Bot User Lockout
Prepared by Zyorhist

1. Description and Scope 
	1.1 Summary of Work Requested and Benefits 
		This task will need to create a system for tracking the user's current involvement with the game.  When the user is participating in one portion of the game
    (ie, blackjack) they are unable to participat in another portion of the game.  This system will need to not only track whether the user is involved
    in a portion of the game but also what game they are playing.
	1.2 Priority 
		High
2. Major Deliverables/Key Events Anticipated 
	Milestone/Event												Time (Labor estimate)
		User Lockout    										5 hours
			Modify UserInformation to include the user's current lockout status
      Track the user's current game
      If the game has multiple seats (or tables) track that as well
		Testing       											5 hours
			Test user lockout
      Test tracking user's game involvemnt and tracking
3. Resource Requirements 
	3.1 Detailed Plan for Resource Assignments 
		3.1.1 Contributors will be able to pick up milestones at their own discression
	3.2 Other Resources (Hardware, Software, Money, etc.) 
		3.2.1 No other resources needed
	3.3 Expected commitments from other departments or people.
		3.3.1 Project manager (Zyorhist) should be available for guidance and questions.  Project could be held up if PM is unavailable.
4. Risks and Concerns 
	If implimented improperly the user may be locked out of other games 
	If implimented improperly the user may not be locked out of any games
	If implimented improperly the user may be able to play multiple instances of the same game
5. Project Completion Criteria 
	The project is complete when:
		the user can be locked out and unlocked properly
		the system knows what game the user is playing and where in that game they are
6. Outstanding Issues
	Currently the user is unable to play any game and multiple instances at the same time
7. Definitions
	User - the discord member who initiated the command
8. Dependencies
	All other games depend on this functionality and will call the methods for updating the users lockout
	This task does not depend on any other functionality
