Project Technical Discovery/Statement of Work 
Date Submitted 9/28/22 
Project Name Casino Bot User Currency
Prepared by Zyorhist

1. Description and Scope 
	1.1 Summary of Work Requested and Benefits 
		This task will need to create a tracking system for managing user wallet.  This will later be setup for using a database, but the system should
		allow intake of how much to adjust a user's wallet by and not allow them to go into the negative.  This value should be constant across the 
		entire project and playing one game will update the value that would be used for another game.
	1.2 Priority 
		Critical
2. Major Deliverables/Key Events Anticipated 
	Milestone/Event												Time (Labor estimate)
		Concurrent Wallet										10 hours
			Wallet needs to be a constant and concurrent item
			Create a class that is a singleton
			The class would need to be contained in a concurrentdictionary
			The dictionary key is the user id
			The class tracks the user's current currency
		Wallet Update											10 hours
			System needs to be able to subtract from wallet
			System needs to be able to add to wallet
			System needs to be able to reset wallet 
3. Resource Requirements 
	3.1 Detailed Plan for Resource Assignments 
		3.1.1 Contributors will be able to pick up milestones at their own discression
	3.2 Other Resources (Hardware, Software, Money, etc.) 
		3.2.1 No other resources needed
	3.3 Expected commitments from other departments or people.
		3.3.1 Project manager (Zyorhist) should be available for guidance and questions.  Project could be held up if PM is unavailable.
4. Risks and Concerns 
	If implimented improperly the wallet can have the wrong value
	If implimented improperly other classes will be unable to send information to properly update the wallet
	If implimented improperly users will be unable to play the game due to negative wallet values or empty wallet
5. Project Completion Criteria 
	The project is complete when:
		the wallet has a default value when a new player joins.
		the wallet can correctly update and be called from other classes.
		the wallet can be properly tested using the testing methods.
6. Outstanding Issues
	Currently the user is unable to play the game due to not having a wallet or any way to track wins or losses.
7. Definitions
	Wallet - a user's current amount of currency
	User - the discord member who initiated the command
8. Dependencies
	All other games depend on this functionality and will call the methods for updating the users wallet for ante's and payouts
	This task does not depend on any other functionality
